tovar
to win the world
m
they work with five modules
they are equally necessary and discreet then fall into the passenger compartment of the
vehicle in which they operate
they do what the whistle shone with pinocho
place in the consciousness of the pilots
book hotels and confirm trips observe witnesses and create the terrat
delicious
they spend half their lives away from home they are people and languages ​​always like shadows
Attentive to the famous drivers
do not know what is dizzy in a car have good memory and better view but
above all they are the best fans of their own sport
they love the races and their particular emotion
with the pilot time and formal co-pilot an often indissoluble marriage
nobody remembers aviation yes yes it came to cancún in felt in years leaks if
go dead
yes possibly even today that the Spanish co-pilot par excellence
according to Carlos Sainz
no driver I think he first talked about the fbc especially
oo a friend
but you have to think that it's a team that defends the pilot is the one who drives
but leave co-pilot
objects you could not go you could not
to compete then being the complement because he is part of the team
fundamental the co-pilot the people have since the psoe is a frustrated pilot is
a pilot who could not become a pilot and a co-pilot
I think there's something of fame going through imagination to become
World rally driver what the delegations from this month
he closed the rally world racer
witnesses of a john t today
as a proposal to society
for me to go and that's why is to put is the best driver I'll come back
in the interior of Toyota they travel around 120 thousand kilometers per year
or what is the same happens in almost six thousand hours pending the past what
keeps them away from Spain eight months each year
so much time together and both makes their backs of the 70 that has run Luis
in 32 years behind the wheel, it has taken them some difficulties, although both
the most delicate moments are rendered dramatic and they have to qualify them as
justito
adventures adventure up tourism is a lot
I remember a heroic act
despite the fact that the amendment to return the oar, the famous
vanity would turn an ankle ronding intoning then I could not get in two
stretches of the torino area and bury them abandoned
that I passed discussion we placed the known neighbors today we would have the
ideal Galician there was a fog the
shown traditionally have been in huánuco did not see anything more than two
free meters
said in a very fast way and street that wants more unity
and that is crowned a grade
we had exhausted to spend it in fifth
well the mind was composed could pass almost opponents I sang the before the
instance
ivic the pottery generated more serious than at any time when
perform marches based on your arms
and passed as if they had not arrived with insurance that we arrived at
last aldama does not seem very big to everyone else
and says that this truce scratches
there yes that happened to me many bills of the andes
the Finn very easy to take a scare because many voters
and you never know what you're going to fly and that the lawyer's lawyers inside
when it goes slowly
May 15 care of way to insufficient
40% of the querétaro
but it can be easy
finish
the tomato cucumber
Linares has declared today we have learned everything about new Indian delhi by
the night while hundreds of bottles
and there he looked through the window at that time in it the trees of the tree
very large is expensive but already the gifts to the poor
if we know something about how he stuck all the floor of the car and everyone who goes
to tell them where we would get eliminated but george gillet
I think that since the day that passes, I find myself
I can stop moving by giving an example of what can run
hard-core reader nfl the same day is not yet 30 years old
Speak English
Portuguese and Italian is almost almost the official language of the world championship
has chosen his profession and does not feel like a failed pilot because he has never
called the attention that simplicity since he started he did sitting in the
which now occupies
it's a profession like gawker
I really like the copilot
they got me as a pilot and I love
I like it because I never do it coach gustavo a
because it embodies when achieving significant savings past losses in the car
of those 12 hours
we do not rest
but to be able to eat
but that's the bad part of the vouchers how nice is when the day of the
career
from the moment they take their place august ads
a copilot can lose a rali but win it
only pilots can win
it is a professional assumption of modesty and a confirmed fact in the competition
from there he develops his work that starts at home and has just given
before it will be ready
then I from my home madrid I tried to approach with a map of
of the area where it's going to be the other way around once you have a map the
mobilization to send for false
joan same toyota team
so that the information was on Monday to the stretches
and the length kilometers 2
then you have to program yourself between them to be moved with a plan so that
when we get all
we are in proceedings we have already done all the hotels reserved once
We arrived in Dalí, because I brought the notes and we have them from previous years
and if we do not have them, we'll leave the new sections like everything
organization
is this road book that I have to take to the table
the text once with this book
5 wisin the itinerary of the real